Sending page revision for consistency (#818)
BitcoinDesign/Guide: guide/daily-spending-wallet/sending.md

There are also static [payment requests]({{ '/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/' | relative_url }}) that can receive payments repeatedly. These are less intuitive overall due to their appearance, but could also be considered payment endpoints.

**Amount**

If no amount is provided via a payment request, manual entry should be simple and convenient so users don’t accidentally send an incorrect amount. The amount should be displayed in bitcoin or satoshi value, as well as the user’s local currency. Options to quickly toggle between them should be available. More on the [Units & Symbols page]({{ '/guide/designing-products/units-and-symbols/' | relative_url }}).

**Metadata**

A [transaction history]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/activity/' | relative_url }}) is hard to make sense of when it only shows amounts, dates, and identifiers. Users should be allowed to add descriptions, tags, and other metadata to add context. This context can separately be used for helpful tools like visual spending breakdowns.

> ## Fees

Reviewer: "Payment fees can drastically differ based on a few attributes:" is getting covered up by the black fees picture on my monitor. Sentence needs to be highlighted to read it.

![Screen Shot 2022-05-24 at 4 18 48 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2414177/170125004-8076e7bf-7071-42d8-83c6-269d111803f4.png)

![Screen Shot 2022-05-24 at 4 20 42 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2414177/170125003-33a0fbb8-0e5d-4563-8754-a8ff8a0fd5ad.png)

Author: Good catch. This has to do with our deep-link-into-a-header-spacing-to-ensure-that-the-title-is-not-covered-up-by-the-static-nav-bar fix. I reverted the change that switched the bold titles to header tags.

**Recipient**

> The most convenient option for choosing a recipient is from previously saved [contacts]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/contacts/' | relative_url }}). Alternatively, users can enter Lightning addresses, Lightning node IDs, on-chain addresses, or other static identifies that are supported by the wallet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The most convenient option for choosing a recipient is from previously saved [contact]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/contacts/' | relative_url }}). Alternatively, users can enter Lightning addresses, Lightning node IDs, on-chain addresses, or other addresses that are supported by the wallet.
```

We should use the 'address' terminology that is used in the contacts page.

> There are also static [invoice types]({{ '/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/' | relative_url }}) that can receive payments repeatedly. These are less intuitive overall due to their appearance, but could also be considered payment endpoints.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are also static [payment requests]({{ '/guide/how-it-works/payment-request-formats/' | relative_url }}), which in the guide we call addresses, that can receive payments repeatedly. These are less intuitive overall due to their appearance, but could also be considered payment endpoints.
```

Author: Not sure what you mean with the second addition. `Address` is a user-facing term to abstract away all the various payment request formats, not just static ones. It's not what we call payment requests in the guide in general. Could you please clarify?

Reviewer 2: Based on reading the contacts `Address` is only applicable to the reusable payment requests? Why use a user-facing term in the contacts page but not here?

Author: Sorry, my point is more that we should clarify that it's a user-facing term.

`which in the guide we call addresses`
Makes me think that `address` is the term used in all pages in the guide.

`which we simplify under the user-facing term "addresses" in this reference design`
Makes it clear that the term is for users, and only applicable in the daily spending wallet. No clue if the savings wallet or merchant section will tackle this differently.

Reviewer 2: Okay that makes sense, edited my comment!

**Metadata**

> A [transaction history]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/activity/' | relative_url }}) is hard to make sense of when it only shows amounts, dates, and identifiers. Users should be allowed to add descriptions, tags, and other metadata to add context. This context can separately be used for helpful tools like visual spending breakdowns.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Transaction history]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/activity/' | relative_url }}) is hard to make sense of when only shown amounts, dates, and identifiers. Users should be allowed to add descriptions, tags, and other metadata to add context. This can be helpful to visualize spending breakdowns.
```

Author: First few edits make the sentence grammatically incorrect. Disagree with the other changes.

> ## Fees

Reviewer 2: We should include a carousel here that shows an image for each of the three examples we have listed. For the on-chain part we should re-focus that to be in the context of swaps as we have discussed elsewhere. 

This would also slightly reduce the overall size of this section + total page length.

Author: The activity page has a carousel specifically for this. I'd just make that more clear ("more on this in...").

Which on-chain part are you referring to? Don't see anything on that in this paragraph.

Reviewer 2: I was referring to the fees section here with this comment, not the manual payment initiation section. The on-chain bit is at the bottom of that section. 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55287964/169199852-9fcc5b83-9b46-4006-ae57-07f79a96e772.png)

Author: You don't think the two images in that section already convey the fee states well enough?

Reviewer 2: They do but the visual style of the Lightning routing fees image is a little field and looks completely different to any other image used in the reference design. Would be better to stick with using phone frames and having a carousel with three images, one high lightning routing fees, one service fees, one on-chain fees. This would flow nicer with the rest of the page which uses carousels / also make the page slightly less tall

Author: I intentionally went that route because it's a fairly small detail and harder to compare when you look at thee screens in a gallery. I think there are times when it's better to just focus on a single component this way. Similar to the status and recipient field visuals on the [activity page](https://bitcoin.design/guide/daily-spending-wallet/activity/#status-display).

Reviewer 2: You could show one frame that has lightning services and network fee in the one with some text highlighting both

Reviewer: The black image sort of confused me my first several times looking at it. It's not entirely clear what's going on.

Since I'm familiar with the Guide, my guess is that the top one is a basic lightning payment fee, then the second one is for a payment that requires a channel open.

What about the last one? Is this supposed to be an on-chain payment?

Having the fees divorced from their screens certainly makes me have to work harder to figure out what's going on. I get it, but only after I think about it for a moment.

3 screens with little descriptions under them would be super clear. e.g. "Above is the fee for most lightning payments", "In this situation, a payment channel is needed...", etc.

> **Lightning service provider fees**

Reviewer 2: Could we bump the size of these subheadings? Not just here but also the section above which has recipient, amount and metadata. 

A ### or #### would be good

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Lightning service fees**
```

So this covers LSPs and LWSs

> In certain situations, the Lightning wallet may not have enough channel [liquidity]({{ '/guide/how-it-works/liquidity/' | relative_url }}) to send a payment. [Wallet providers]({{ '/guide/how-it-works/lightning-service-providers/' | relative_url }}) may offer to alleviate these friction points, and earn additional fees. A common scenario is the automatic opening of a payment channel when a wallet attempts to send a payment larger than their outbound capacity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Lightning wallets may require [additional services]({{ '/guide/how-it-works/lightning-services/' | relative_url }}) to solve certain usability issues. An example being a lightning service provider (LSP) opening payment channels and providing [inbound liquidity]({{ '/guide/how-it-works/liquidity/' | relative_url }}) for the user so the can receive payments. As these services are offered by third parties, additional fees may be charged.
``` 
Little bit of a rephrase to fit more nicely in with the lightning services page.

Author: Needs some minor fixing in the second to last sentence - should be "... for the user, so they...".

Reviewer 2: Updated
